Add ICP installation prerequisites (#1483)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/install-and-setup/install/icp-installation-prerequisites.md

> # WSO2 Integration Control Plane Installation Prerequisites

Reviewer: Let's link this to the [Installing the Integration Control Plane](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/install-and-setup/install/installing-integration-control-plane/) page similar to MI install page.

Author: added

Prior to installing the WSO2 Integration Control Plane, make sure that the appropriate prerequisites are fulfilled.

## System requirements

- Minimum 2 cores (compute units).
- 2 GB RAM.
- <code>~512</code> MB heap size.

## Environment compatibility

> - Install a compatible JDK version.

Reviewer: Shall we link the tested JDKs?

```suggestion
- Install a JDK version that is [compatible with this product version]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/install/icp-installation-prerequisites/#tested-jdks).
```

- If you have difficulty setting up the Integration Control Plane in a specific platform, [contact us](https://wso2.com/contact/).

## Tested environments

> The details of the tested environments for the WSO2 Integration Control Plane (ICP) 1.0.0 runtimes are given below.

Author: removed

### Tested operating systems

> The Micro Integrator runtime is tested with the following operating systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Integration Control Plane is tested with the following operating systems:
```
